docs: lakefs refs management script and documentation (#8853)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/howto/multiple-storage-backends.md

| Missing `backward_compatible`                                       | Upgrade from single to multi-storage without setting the flag | Add `backward_compatible: true` for the existing storage |
| Unsupported configurations in OSS or unlicensed Enterprise accounts | Using multi-storage features in an unsupported setup | Contact us to start using the feature                    |

> ### Migrating from Multi-Storage Backend to Single Storage Backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migrating from Multiple Storage Backend to Single Storage Backend
```

Once you upgrade to a multi-storage setup, you cannot simply revert back by changing the configuration from `blockstores` to `blockstore`. The internal repository metadata format changes to support multiple storage backends, and is not backward compatible with the single storage format. If you need to consolidate your data and revert from a multi-storage setup to a single storage backend, you'll need to perform a full migration by following these steps:

#### Overview

The migration process involves:

1. Dumping repository references from the multi-storage setup
2. Deleting repositories in the multi-storage environment
3. Configuring lakeFS with a single storage backend

> 4. Copying repository data to the new single storage location (if needed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Optional]: Copying repository data to the new single storage location
```

> 5. Restoring repositories to the new lakeFS instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Restoring repositories to the single storage environment
```

#### Step-by-Step Guide

1. **Dump Repository References**

>    Use the `lakefs-refs.py` script, instruction on how to aquire found in [Backup and Resource](backup-and-restore.md#python-script-for-refs-management) to dump repository metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the `lakefs-refs.py` script, instruction on how to aquire found in [Backup and Restore](backup-and-restore.md#python-script-for-refs-management) to dump repository metadata:
```

Reviewer: you can move this line to be the first line under the Step-by-Step Guide heading
> instruction on how to aquire found in [Backup and Resource](backup-and-restore.md#python-script-for-refs-management)

   ```yaml
   ...
   blockstore:
     type: s3
     s3:
       region: us-east-1
   ...
   ```

4. **Copy Repository Data** (if needed)

  If the repositories you want to restore were created on a storage system that lakeFS is no longer connected to:

   a. Copy data from the old storage locations to the new one:

   ```bash
   # Example for S3
   aws s3 sync s3://old-bucket/path/to/storge-namespace s3://new-bucket/path/to/storage-namespace
   
   # Alternative: Using rclone for cross-provider transfers
   # rclone supports various storage providers (S3, Azure, GCS, etc.)
   rclone sync azure:old-container/path/to/storage-namespace aws:new-bucket/path/to/storage-namespace
   ```

   b. Update the manifest file, created on step 1 (dump repository references) with the new storage namespace:

   ```json
   {
     "repository": {
       "name": "my-repository",
       "storage_namespace": "s3://new-bucket/path/to/repo", // ... update here ...
       "default_branch": "main",
       "storage_id": "storage-1"
     },
     "refs": {
       // ... existing refs data ...
     }
   }
   ```

5. **Restore Repositories**

>    Note: If you copied the data to a new location in step 4, make sure to update the storage namespace in the manifest files before restoring.

Reviewer: Can you please use a markdown not formatting?

   Use the `--ignore-storage-id` flag to ensure repositories are created without storage IDs in the single-storage environment:

   ```bash
   # Restore a single repository
   python lakefs-refs.py restore my-repository_manifest.json --ignore-storage-id
   
   # Or restore multiple repositories
   python lakefs-refs.py restore repo1_manifest.json repo2_manifest.json --ignore-storage-id
   ```

#### Important Notes

* Keep the manifest files safe as they contain repository metadata
* If using different storage backends, ensure proper access permissions to copy the data
* The `--commit` flag can be used if you want to ensure all changes are committed before dumping
* Make sure the new storage backend has sufficient space for all repository data

> * A lakeFS instance configured with a single storage type will not start if any repository's namespace uses a different storage type

Reviewer: Is this correct to change it to - 
```suggestion
* A lakeFS instance configured with a single storage type will not start if repositories created on multiple storage setup still exist
```
